# Scribe 
I see full autonomous agents mostly as something to raise the baseline rather than as real tools that help me during an audit. 

However, that sentiment is not entirely correct. I often find that during audits there are issues that could've been found
using static analysis / agents. I don't think it makes sense to manually search for these types of bugs. It makes much more 
sense to aautomate as much as possible, so the researcher can focus on those things that can not be automated.

The Scribe agent and enscribe skill are all about this. The idea is to kick off the scribe agent as soon as we've confirmed and 
logged a new finding. The scribe has as their goal to identify the best method for automatically finding similar issues in future 
audits. It's strongly preferred that this takes the shape of a static analysis module. However, if that's not possible we should 
also see if it is possible to encode the knowledge gained from this issue as a sort of skill, extention of skill, extention of a 
knowledge base that we maintain. 

* immediately run the detector / skill on the rest of the codebase to find variants 
* have a methodology for identifying false positives generated by previously enscribed methodologies / bugs 
* on starting an audit we should run and triage all static analysis tools / methodologies / skills enscribed 

### Spellbook 

The spellbook is a new concept within grimoire.

You can think of grimoire as containing the fundamental instructions to technomancy. 

A spellbook is a users own book of shadows where they keep their own spells and secret knowledge. 

The spellbook is a unique distillation of the learnings of any given user, and is supposed to be personal. That said, a team 
of auditors (coven :) ) can opt to share learnings from their spellbooks.

